RBC: Radio Block Center
WAN: Wide Area Network
IXL: Interlocking
BTS: Base Transceiver Station
DMI: Driver Machine Interface
EVC: European Vital Computer (detects position using Eurobalise, sends to RBC)
RTM: Rado Transmission Module
TIU: Train Interface Unit
BTM: Balise Transmission Module (location of train)

Level 2: Continous communication between the train and radio block center.
Location-specific design with train characteristics (speed, direction, etc).

Concerns and requirements:

R1: A train shall not enter a block section which is occupied by another train (same track).
R2: A train shall not pass a track boundary without being given a movement authority (MA) to do so.
R3: A train shall request a MovementAuthority before entering a track.
R4: Two trains cannot have a MA for the same track at the same time.
R5: When a train has traversed half its current track, it shall request a MA for the next track.
R6: A RBC shall not answer MA's for tracks it is not responsible for.


Scenario:

Train1 wants to enter route Rn1
Train1 requests MovementAuthority to enter Rn1
RBC/Int grants MovementAuthority to train Tn1
Train1 enters route Rn1



Descriptions:

Usually the supplier is responsible for a concrete implementation of ERTMS. Based on Simense in UK.
Does not consider fault-tolerance or differential equations for train movement.

Controller
Responsible for controlling the flow of trains. Sends route request to interlocking.
Sends random route requests RN into the Interlocking at a fixed frequency.


Interlocking
Decision-maker.
Grants requested routes. Checks all points in a route are safe in the control table,
then sends "route avaliable" to the responsible RBC. This informs RBC the route is free.


RadioBlockCenter
Must take route information from Interlocking and manage movement of trains across all positions.
From interlocking: Route information, what routes are free.
Locks a route by sending "RequestToProceed" to the interlocking.
Interlocking checks the route, and confirms by sending a "Proceed" message.
Sends MovementAuthority to train


Eurobalise: Physical unit. Always in ACTIVATED state (can be not-activated or faulty)
Cannot be activated and faulty/not-activated at the same time.
It talks to interlocking, interlocking talks to eurobalise
From eurobalise to train: Track description, milestone application
From train to eurobalise: Physical movement
From eurobalise to interlocking: Track occupation
From interlocking to eurobalise: Point setting


Train
Moves across tracks and uses messages from Eurobalise to calculate its position
When near end of EoA, makes new "MovementAuthority" messsage to RBC.
The RBC then maps the position to a avaliable route presented by the Interlocking.



